Miss Chu, you said that the real culprit behind the scenes is Sun Li
What's going on?
It started a month ago.
Zhang Ji, the waiter of the Ministry of Punishment, found that the Ministry of Household had a large deficit
And the biggest suspect is his Tongliang Household Minister Sun Li
But it has been suffering from no evidence
The delay in bringing him to justice
It's not that I was ordered to investigate the tax and silver lost business case. I don't even know the news
Lord Zhou's information is too backward, right?
Hey, but there's news recently
Said that Lord Zhang had found evidence
And put the evidence in a laser Hanoi
Only to die the next day, alive
But what does it have to do with my dad?
Because this clue is what Uncle Qin found
Oh, I remember now.
My father had been coming home early and late for a while
I thought he was on duty
I didn't expect him to investigate the Sun family
You just know
Senior sister, our Qin family is still very dangerous
Of course, Sun Li doesn't know if Uncle Qin has given you the evidence.
As long as the tax extension is not completely over
You will all be in danger
Especially you
Not why
The relationship between Zhang Zhijie and Sun Li's son Sun Qian ended
You solved the arson case
Broke Sun Li's idea of once and for all
And get people into their heads
You said it would be you instead
Will you let this person go?
fuck
Hey
Been busy for a long time
People are going to be useless
I thought I had saved myself successfully
I didn't expect this to go from a death sentence to a suspended death sentence
Hey
Uncle is unconscious
Zhang Zhijie died tragically in prison
Now there is another Sun Li
I have a fiancée for no reason
Hey
Ahhhh!